What son is not called a dog?
What are you doing?
Shut up!
Then you are the dog.
You show me where is your manager?
Did you call your manager for me?
I'm yelling at this guy for taking the dog down
If I don't let him take it, he will scold me.
You hit me and my little girl can't read, right?
You are welcome to come in and play.
But he can't go in.
You're both in this together, right?
I'd rather go in today
Look at you.
Now this woman is really interesting
Take a dog as an ancestor
Humph
You throw her out to me, who is so brave?
Even my lady dares to move
Ouch.
Why didn't you tell me you were here?
Dear, you came just in time.
The two of them bullied me and said our son was a dog.
Are you going to kick me out?
Jie Shao added your dog eye
Even the young master dares to touch my woman
Good luck.
Even the young lady dares to offend me. Look at you
The bear's heart is full
Don't tell me those useless things.
If I hadn't listened to your nonsense
Can I offend the young lady?
You are fired from now on
fire me
If I remember correctly, this brand is yours, right?
You said this rule yourself.
The rule is that dead people are alive
Besides, this Young Master Jie is a supreme VIP.
What happened to bringing a dog in?
Besides, how is this a dog?
This is our young master
It is our great honor for Xiaoshuai to be here
Security guards come in
I have seen the little master